README.md, before:

![codewars](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68942106/94330252-aacd6500-ff77-11ea-9185-c090b275b794.png)

# Codewars-solutions-of-7th-level

## Anagram Detection
## Array element parity
## Automorphic Number (Special Numbers Series #6)
## Bumps in the Road
## Complementary DNA
## Complete Series
## Complete The Pattern #2
## Consecutive items
## Credit Card Mask
## Descending Order
## Discover The Original Price
## Divide and Conquer
## Don't give me five!
## Dominant array elements
## Exes and Ohs
## Filter Coffee
## Find the capitals
## Find the lucky numbers
## Find the middle element
## Fix string case
## Form The Minimum
## Get the Middle Character
## Going to the cinema
## Halving Sum
## Highest and Lowest
## Largest pair sum in array 
## Love vs friendship
## Max diff
## Max-min arrays
## Minimize Sum Of Array (Array Series #1)
## Mispelled word
## Mumbling
## Numbers to Letters
## Number of Decimal Digits
## Number-Star ladder
## Ones and Zeros
## Power of two
## Regex validate PIN code
## Replace all items
## Return the first M multiples of N
## Round up to the next multiple of 5
## Row Weights
## Shortest Word
## Santa's Naughty List
## Show multiples of 2 numbers within a range
## Sorting Arrays
## Sort by Last Char
## Sort Santa's Reindeer
## Sort array by string length
## Sort Numbers
## Spacify filterEvenLengthWords
## sPoNgEbOb MeMe
## Square Every Digit
## Sum of Odd Cubed Numbers
## Sum of two lowest positive integers
## The Skiponacci Sequence
## Thinking & Testing : Something capitalized
## Two Oldest Ages
## Two to One
## Unscrambled eggs
## Vowel one

Commit message:

add Find The Duplicated Number in a Consecutive Unsorted List

README.md, after:

![codewars](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68942106/94330252-aacd6500-ff77-11ea-9185-c090b275b794.png)

# Codewars-solutions-of-7th-level

## Anagram Detection
## Array element parity
## Automorphic Number (Special Numbers Series #6)
## Bumps in the Road
## Complementary DNA
## Complete Series
## Complete The Pattern #2
## Consecutive items
## Credit Card Mask
## Descending Order
## Discover The Original Price
## Divide and Conquer
## Don't give me five!
## Dominant array elements
## Exes and Ohs
## Filter Coffee
## Find the capitals
## Find The Duplicated Number in a Consecutive Unsorted List
## Find the lucky numbers
## Find the middle element
## Fix string case
## Form The Minimum
## Get the Middle Character
## Going to the cinema
## Halving Sum
## Highest and Lowest
## Largest pair sum in array 
## Love vs friendship
## Max diff
## Max-min arrays
## Minimize Sum Of Array (Array Series #1)
## Mispelled word
## Mumbling
## Numbers to Letters
## Number of Decimal Digits
## Number-Star ladder
## Ones and Zeros
## Power of two
## Regex validate PIN code
## Replace all items
## Return the first M multiples of N
## Round up to the next multiple of 5
## Row Weights
## Shortest Word
## Santa's Naughty List
## Show multiples of 2 numbers within a range
## Sorting Arrays
## Sort by Last Char
## Sort Santa's Reindeer
## Sort array by string length
## Sort Numbers
## Spacify filterEvenLengthWords
## sPoNgEbOb MeMe
## Square Every Digit
## Sum of Odd Cubed Numbers
## Sum of two lowest positive integers
## The Skiponacci Sequence
## Thinking & Testing : Something capitalized
## Two Oldest Ages
## Two to One
## Unscrambled eggs
## Vowel one
